Implemented alpha authorize command for a single subject (#2712)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_authorize.md

# kyma alpha authorize

Authorize a subject (user, group, or service account) with Kyma RBAC resources.

## Synopsis

> Create RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding granting access to a Kyma role / cluster role for a user, group, or service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding that grants access to a Kyma role or cluster role for a user, group, or service account.
```
